PLAN.md, before:

# CMPM 121 D3 Project

# D3: {game title goes here}

# Game Design Vision

{a few-sentence description of the game mechanics}

# Technologies

- TypeScript for most game code, little to no explicit HTML, and all CSS collected in common `style.css` file
- Deno and Vite for building
- GitHub Actions + GitHub Pages for deployment automation

# Assignments

## D3.a: Core mechanics (token collection and crafting)

Key technical challenge: Can you assemble a map-based user interface using the Leaflet mapping framework?

Key gameplay challenge: Can players collect and craft tokens from nearby locations to finally make one of sufficiently high value?

### Steps

- [x] copy main.ts to reference.ts for future reference
- [x] delete everything in main.ts
- [x] put a basic leaflet map on the screen
- [x] generate cells inside the screen bounds
- [x] draw a rectangle representing one cell on the map
- [x] use loops to draw a whole grid of cells on the map
- [x] player can pick up one token
- [x] tokens can be crafted to double value
- [x] detect token value
- [x] button movement by one cell
- [x] draw the player's new location on the map
- [x] remove cells without caches
- [x] cell generation is consistent
- [x] cells are not stored in an array to save memory
- [x] generate cells as map scrolls
- [x] only cells close to player can be interacted with

- ...

## D3.b

...

###

Commit message:

Implemented map to store modified cells + check in cell creation if there is a modified cell to be used instead of generating a new one - D3.c Complete

PLAN.md, after:

# CMPM 121 D3 Project

# D3: {game title goes here}

# Game Design Vision

{a few-sentence description of the game mechanics}

# Technologies

- TypeScript for most game code, little to no explicit HTML, and all CSS collected in common `style.css` file
- Deno and Vite for building
- GitHub Actions + GitHub Pages for deployment automation

# Assignments

## D3.a: Core mechanics (token collection and crafting)

Key technical challenge: Can you assemble a map-based user interface using the Leaflet mapping framework?

Key gameplay challenge: Can players collect and craft tokens from nearby locations to finally make one of sufficiently high value?

### Steps

- [x] copy main.ts to reference.ts for future reference
- [x] delete everything in main.ts
- [x] put a basic leaflet map on the screen
- [x] generate cells inside the screen bounds
- [x] draw a rectangle representing one cell on the map
- [x] use loops to draw a whole grid of cells on the map
- [x] player can pick up one token
- [x] tokens can be crafted to double value
- [x] detect token value
- [x] button movement by one cell
- [x] draw the player's new location on the map
- [x] remove cells without caches
- [x] cell generation is consistent
- [x] cells are not stored in an array to save memory
- [x] generate cells as map scrolls
- [x] only cells close to player can be interacted with
- [x] create map to store modified cells
- [x] implement map by checking if there is map data when generating a token

- ...

## D3.b

...

###
